Schumi come on no I can't do it
magic I'll perform this feat in a manner
never before seen by yourselves or any
other audience anywhere in the world the
audience loved it
this trick is top-notch you celebrate a
[Applause]
real magician tries to invent something
you've got something that other
magicians will scratch their heads over
I suppose you have such a treat as you
don't do someone they're gonna remember
me for what happened
it was the greatest magic trick I've
ever seen
I need to know how he does it he has no
trick it's real every great magic trick
consists of three acts the first act is
called the pledge the magician shows you
something ordinary but of course it
probably isn't the second act is called
the turn he's obsessed with discovering
you nothing the magician makes this
ordinary something do something
extraordinary
oh now you're looking for the secret but
you won't find it that's why there's a
third act called The Prestige this
department twists and turns where lives
hang in the balance did you say
something shocking you've never seen
before this was built by men who can
actually do what magicians pretend to do
real magic how does he do it
you own the truth nothing is impossible
abracadabra no more secret secrets in my
life
you
[Music]